The last time we took a little time to actually make our application which is part of this chorus a
little bit nicer by styling a little bit.
Now let's go back to the most important thing which is learning how the travel works and how to do things
with it.
So we have a blog post that contains an image and we have added it by uploading our new image together
with the blog post.
But what we also have is our ability to edit images and then now we have the opportunity to edit blog
post which already can contain an image.
So when you will upload a new file for this blog post then you probably want to make sure that not only
the path to the old file.
Well to this relation because each blog post contains only one is updated but you will also like to
delete the old file from the disk because this will no longer be stored inside the database so we need
to delete files.
So let's go to the post controller and update action because here we also have to handle an upload.
So first let's copy the code that we have inside the store method.
So we also will check if the request has file because we have this on both forms.
Now we would also store the file and generate a new path for it but then we have to check if the Post
has an image
so if the Post has already an image.
What we will do is we'll modify the image path to the new one.
But before we do that we have to delete this old image.
So again we are accessing the storage for Sade and it has our delete method.
So before we store the new path on the image we should delete the old one like that now otherwise
if the blog post didn't have an image we will store it as we did before.
In this method the blog post actually is inside the post variable and of course after making this changes
we will have to save the image and changes to it.
Now the blog post is soft delectable which means it's not actually being deleted from the database but
what you could also do in case it wasn't self debatable is in the events defined inside the boot method
on the blog post you might define something like blog post image delete and then you will define also
an event for the blog post.
Sorry for the image model.
And then on the image model you will define are deleting or delete that event and then on it you would
be able to use storage delete.
So now the image will just handle the image model will handle deleting itself.
So whenever that image would be removed from the database it will also take care of removing the file
itself.
But since it is actually self to delete ABL we won't do that.
So now let's verify if that works.
So there is an image related to the blog post with Ida 50 free which happens to be this blog post.
We are editing right now and you can see that it has this image starting with this string.
So now let's make sure that this would be deleted so we can see that this file is actually inside the
storage up public thumbnails.
That starts with this particular name.
It's also on the database and now if I modified the original blog post and upload a different image
now you can see that this image is different.
Also when we refresh the database you can see that there is still the same record which relates to this
blog post but now the name is different.
And also on the disk you can see that this imagine no longer is there and there is a new one.
So this is how you would remove files using this storage for Sayed.